User Management API
This project is a simple API for user management, built with Node.js and Express, using a MySQL database.

Features
User CRUD: Allows creating, reading, updating, and deleting users.
CORS: Enabled to allow requests from different origins.
Authentication: Can be implemented to secure the routes.
Technologies Used
Node.js: JavaScript runtime environment for server-side execution.
Express: Web framework for Node.js.
MySQL: Relational database for data storage.
Nodemon: Tool to automatically restart the server when code changes are detected.
Cors: Middleware to enable CORS in the application.
Prerequisites
Node.js: Ensure Node.js is installed on your machine.
MySQL: A MySQL database must be configured and running.
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copiar código
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copiar código
cd project-directory-name
Install dependencies:

bash
Copiar código
yarn install
Configure the database:

In the db.js file, configure the credentials to connect to your MySQL database.

javascript
Copiar código
export const db = mysql.createConnection({
    host: "localhost",
    user: "root",
    password: "your_password",
    database: "database_name"
});
Start the application:

bash
Copiar código
yarn start
Test the API:

The API will be available at http://localhost:8800/. You can use tools like Postman or Insomnia to make HTTP requests (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE) to test the routes.

Project Structure
The project structure is organized as follows:

bash
Copiar código
/src
│   index.js          # Main entry point of the application
│   db.js             # Database connection configuration
└───routes
    └── users.js      # Routes related to users
Future Improvements
Implement JWT authentication to secure the routes.
Add automated tests.
Implement error handling and logging.
Contribution
Feel free to contribute to the project! To do so:

Fork the project.
Create a new branch for your feature (git checkout -b feature/new-feature).
Make the necessary modifications and commit (git commit -m 'Add new feature').
Push the changes to your branch (git push origin feature/new-feature).
Open a Pull Request.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

